README.md, before:

# A simple yet beautiful to-do app

<img src="./screenshots/light.png" width="600" alt="light theme">
<img src="./screenshots/dark.png" width="600" alt="dark theme">

## Changelog

### 2023.12:

-   now a task marks itself done once you press it, to edit you still just make a long tap
-   added the "Do tomorrow" sliding item for tasks, to transfer them to the next day
-   bug fixes

## Reproduction

1. Clone the repo, install the dependencies: `flutter pub get`

2. Register the app with your Firebase project: `flutterfire configure` (Note: Enabling Email & Password accounts in the Auth section of the Firebase console is required)

3. Generate the icons: `dart run flutter_launcher_icons`

4. Open the app's workspace in XCode (`./ios/Runner.xcworkspace`), in "Signing & Capabilities" select Personal Team

5. Build: `dart run build_runner build && flutter build ios`

6. Connect a device with iOS 17 or later, with Developer Mode enabled

7. Install the built app container (`./build/ios/iphoneos/Runner.app`), via XCode: Window > Devices and Simulators > Installed apps

8. Mark the app "trusted" in the iPhone's `General > VPN & Device Management` settings section

9. Enjoy

Commit message:

Update README.md changelog for March 2025 (#8)
Added entries for the bottom navigation bar and profile screen features, which were introduced in commit 1a6b447425fae13285418bcec83f3c52642c6393.

Co-authored-by: google-labs-jules[bot] <161369871+google-labs-jules[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# A simple yet beautiful to-do app

<img src="./screenshots/light.png" width="600" alt="light theme">
<img src="./screenshots/dark.png" width="600" alt="dark theme">

## Changelog

### 2025.03:

-   Added bottom navigation bar for easier app navigation.
-   Implemented a profile screen to display user information and activity.

### 2023.12:

-   now a task marks itself done once you press it, to edit you still just make a long tap
-   added the "Do tomorrow" sliding item for tasks, to transfer them to the next day
-   bug fixes

## Reproduction

1. Clone the repo, install the dependencies: `flutter pub get`

2. Register the app with your Firebase project: `flutterfire configure` (Note: Enabling Email & Password accounts in the Auth section of the Firebase console is required)

3. Generate the icons: `dart run flutter_launcher_icons`

4. Open the app's workspace in XCode (`./ios/Runner.xcworkspace`), in "Signing & Capabilities" select Personal Team

5. Build: `dart run build_runner build && flutter build ios`

6. Connect a device with iOS 17 or later, with Developer Mode enabled

7. Install the built app container (`./build/ios/iphoneos/Runner.app`), via XCode: Window > Devices and Simulators > Installed apps

8. Mark the app "trusted" in the iPhone's `General > VPN & Device Management` settings section

9. Enjoy
